Add docs to radarr config flow (#20550)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/radarr.markdown

ha_category:
  - Downloading
ha_release: 0.47
ha_config_flow: true
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_domain: radarr
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_codeowners:
  - '@tkdrob'
---

> This `radarr` sensor platform pulls data from a given [Radarr](https://radarr.video/) instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Radarr integration pulls data from a given [Radarr](https://radarr.video/) instance.
```

Your API key can be found in Settings > General in the Radarr Web UI.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Integration Entities

Each added configuration entry will create the following sensors:

> - **Disk Space**: Shows the diskspace available to Radarr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Disk Space**: Shows the disk space available to Radarr.
```
